yo guys real quick before this video
starts I'm not done playing advanced
warfare just because i'm uploading a
multi-car video yesterday on my stream
it was thursday and we did a throwback
Thursday stream so we started on cod4
then we played a little bit of em to be
three and then we played bo2 for a
little bit what you guys are gonna see
tomorrow but i am not by any means done
playing advanced warfare at all that's
my favorite call duty ever i actually
complained the entire time I was on
these games that i couldn't XO boost in
the sniper suck and I does that well
that's my purse on suck i'm just an
idiot put advanced warfare is the best
that's all that matters and i'm gonna be
uploading advanced warfare don't you
worry guys just leave a like on the
video hope you guys enjoy this hilarious
1v1 with me and scott it's not very
serious at all but you're gonna laugh
just enjoy it's my boy cone stop with
the weird shit watch this watch is I'm
just gonna scope into the middle hold on
wait disgusting do looking up in the air
lay down reload sprint crouch and then
you can spring it on you look like a
thank you so you watch me in the kill
cam watch this uh oh I never knew about
this like a w what are you doing stop
with the flashes man man can't do me you
don't kill me real quick I'll Knight
Rider couple fucking god damn it
you thought buddy catch a bitch yeah
you're never gonna plus 50 I just an act
on accident yeah I'm not streaming
fucking one beyond Scott skunk him you
just laid down you chubby ass I lay down
what you lay down every time we get new
it good but you will rodent dude that's
how we do we owe oh it did not miss that
didn't miss oh I'm getting fucking
pissed off right now hello I'm in the
butt crack what you could shit to the
yeah deep impact Papa Bear you can shoot
Drupal great oh that's a big ol crock of
shit xbox 360 controllers nasty stop I
gotta reload goddammit my timing down
for that boom
spain there's a layer oh you know
uh-huh it stopped god damn it dude he
shimmies at me you can't kill him man
look at him you oh there's through his
kill cams in this game I just started
slow moment or something he just looks
like a fucking chicken and just runs at
me it feels good ol shit
you